docs/tools.md, before:

# Tools

We use a number of additional tools that are useful to development. These can be
found in the `/vendor/bin` directory.

- [`phpcpd`](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpcpd) is a Copy/Paste
  detector (CPD) for PHP code. We have not resolved all errors it identifies yet
  but are making progress towards doing so. We use it like this:

  `php vendor/bin/phpcpd . --exclude=templates --exclude=vendor`

- [`phpcs`](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) is PHP Code Sniffer.
  PHP_CodeSniffer tokenizes PHP, JavaScript and CSS files and detects violations
  of a defined set of coding standards. We use it like this:

  `php vendor/bin/phpcs --standard=vendor/bin/phpcs.xml . --ignore=templates,vendor`

- [`phpmd`](https://phpmd.org/) is PHP Mess Detector. It takes a given PHP
  source code base and looks for several potential problems within that source.
  It is currently BROKEN on PHP8: https://github.com/phpmd/phpmd/issues/853
  We use it like this:

  `php vendor/bin/phpmd . text vendor/bin/phpmd.xml --exclude vendor/,templates/`

- [`phpstan`](https://github.com/phpstan/phpstan/) PHPStan focuses on finding
  errors in your code without actually running it. It catches whole classes of
  bugs even before you write tests for the code. Currently it errors on adodb,
  in classes/Db, which is acceptable until we eliminate adodb. We use it like this:

  `php vendor/phpstan/phpstan/phpstan analyze --no-progress --no-ansi -l 8 -vvv -c vendor/bin/phpstan.neon .`

- [`php-cs-fixer`](http://cs.sensiolabs.org/) strives to automatically correct
  code for specific items in the PSR standard. We do not currently use it, but
  may in the future use it as a pre-commit hook.

- [`psalm`](https://psalm.dev/) Psalm is an open-source static analysis tool 
  for PHP that helps identify both obvious and hard-to-spot bugs in our code.
  Currently we have many exceptions setup in the config so that it will run cleanly.
  This is acceptable as a starting point for it's use.
  We use it like this:

  `psalm -c vendor/bin/psalm.xml`

There are other command-line options for these tools (try them!), with varying
levels of usefulness to our project. We have bundled phpcbf - do NOT run phpcbf,
as it will reformat the entire codebase. We also have included phpunit, which we
intend to use heavily.

Commit message:

Add PHPUnit testing in docs and composer tests

docs/tools.md, after:

# Tools

We use a number of additional tools that are useful to development. These can be
found in the `/vendor/bin` directory. Several of the tools can be run together
with the single command `composer tests`.

- [`PHPUnit`](https://phpunit.de/index.html) is a programmer-oriented testing
  framework for PHP. We use it like this:

  `php vendor/bin/phpunit tests`

- [`phpcpd`](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpcpd) is a Copy/Paste
  detector (CPD) for PHP code. We have not resolved all errors it identifies yet
  but are making progress towards doing so. We use it like this:

  `php vendor/bin/phpcpd . --exclude=templates --exclude=vendor`

- [`phpcs`](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) is PHP Code Sniffer.
  PHP_CodeSniffer tokenizes PHP, JavaScript and CSS files and detects violations
  of a defined set of coding standards. We use it like this:

  `php vendor/bin/phpcs --standard=vendor/bin/phpcs.xml . --ignore=templates,vendor`

- [`phpmd`](https://phpmd.org/) is PHP Mess Detector. It takes a given PHP
  source code base and looks for several potential problems within that source.
  It is currently BROKEN on PHP8: https://github.com/phpmd/phpmd/issues/853
  We use it like this:

  `php vendor/bin/phpmd . text vendor/bin/phpmd.xml --exclude vendor/,templates/`

- [`phpstan`](https://github.com/phpstan/phpstan/) PHPStan focuses on finding
  errors in your code without actually running it. It catches whole classes of
  bugs even before you write tests for the code. Currently it errors on adodb,
  in classes/Db, which is acceptable until we eliminate adodb. We use it like this:

  `php vendor/phpstan/phpstan/phpstan analyze --no-progress --no-ansi -l 8 -vvv -c vendor/bin/phpstan.neon .`

- [`php-cs-fixer`](http://cs.sensiolabs.org/) strives to automatically correct
  code for specific items in the PSR standard. We do not currently use it, but
  may in the future use it as a pre-commit hook.

- [`psalm`](https://psalm.dev/) Psalm is an open-source static analysis tool 
  for PHP that helps identify both obvious and hard-to-spot bugs in our code.
  Currently we have many exceptions setup in the config so that it will run cleanly.
  This is acceptable as a starting point for it's use.
  We use it like this:

  `psalm -c vendor/bin/psalm.xml`

There are other command-line options for these tools (try them!), with varying
levels of usefulness to our project. We have bundled phpcbf - do NOT run phpcbf,
as it will reformat the entire codebase.
